API v2 Updates (#5)
Webflow-Examples/oauth-hello-world: readme.md

# Webflow OAuth App

Use this "Hello World" code sample to :

> - Spin up a Weblow App Server
> - Enable OAuth 
> - Get data on an authorized user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spin up a local web server with Fastify
- Enable Webflow OAuth using the [JS SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webflow-api) 
- Get data on an authorized user
```
